#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#
aiohttp==3.7.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elasticsearch
aiopg==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
aioredis==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
amqp==5.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   kombu
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via pyppeteer
asgiref==3.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
astroid==2.8.6
    # via pylint
async-generator==1.10
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiopg
    #   aioredis
attrs==20.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   flake8-bugbear
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   pytest
    #   trio
aws-requests-auth==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
black==22.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
bleach==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
boto3==1.24.45
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tabulator
botocore==1.27.45
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tableschema
cachetools==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   zenpy
celery==5.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery-redbeat
celery-redbeat==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
certifi==2020.6.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   urllib3
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
    #   tabulator
click==8.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
    #   tableschema
    #   tabulator
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
coverage==5.4
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==37.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   urllib3
debugpy==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
decorator==4.4.2
    # via ipython
dj-database-url==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django==3.2.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-admin-sortable2
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-csp
    #   django-csp-helpers
    #   django-db-geventpool
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-dynamic-models-readonly
    #   django-redis
    #   django-staff-sso-client
    #   djangorestframework
django-admin-sortable2==1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-compressor
django-better-admin-arrayfield==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-ckeditor==5.9.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-compressor==2.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-csp==3.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-csp-helpers==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-db-geventpool==3.2.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-debug-toolbar==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
django-dynamic-models-readonly==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-extensions==2.2.9
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-ckeditor
django-redis==4.12.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-staff-sso-client==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-waffle==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
django-webpack-loader==1.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
djangorestframework==3.11.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
ecs-logging==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
elastic-apm==6.2.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
elasticsearch[async]==7.11.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
et-xmlfile==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
faker==5.8.0
    # via factory-boy
flake8==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   flake8-bugbear
flake8-bugbear==21.4.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
geoalchemy2==0.8.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
gevent==21.12.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
greenlet==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
h11==0.13.0
    # via wsproto
hawk-server-asyncio==0.0.13
    # via -r requirements.txt
hiredis==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aioredis
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   urllib3
    #   yarl
ijson==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tabulator
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via pyppeteer
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipdb==0.13.7
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
ipython==7.31.1
    # via ipdb
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via traitlets
isodate==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tableschema
isort==4.3.21
    # via pylint
jdcal==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openpyxl
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonlines==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tabulator
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tableschema
kaleido==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
kombu==5.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.4.3
    # via astroid
linear-tsv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tabulator
lxml==4.9.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
markdown==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mohawk==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   -r requirements.txt
multidict==4.7.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
notifications-python-client==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tabulator
outcome==1.1.0
    # via trio
packaging==20.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   pytest
parso==0.8.1
    # via jedi
paste==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
pathspec==0.9.0
    # via black
pep517==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pglast==3.10
    # via -r requirements.txt
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pip-tools==6.6.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   pylint
plotly==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   click-repl
    #   ipython
    #   remote-pdb-client
psutil==5.7.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
psycogreen==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-db-geventpool
psycopg2-binary==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiopg
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydevd-pycharm==211.7142.13
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pyee==8.1.0
    # via pyppeteer
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.7.4
    # via ipython
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   notifications-python-client
pylint==2.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-django==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pylint-plugin-utils==0.6
    # via pylint-django
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via urllib3
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   packaging
pyppeteer==0.2.6
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jsonschema
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==6.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-mock
    #   pytest-timeout
pytest-cov==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-django==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-mock==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-timeout==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   celery-redbeat
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   tableschema
    #   zenpy
python-dotenv==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   zenpy
rcssmin==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-compressor
redis==3.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery-redbeat
    #   django-redis
remote-pdb==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
remote-pdb-client==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aws-requests-auth
    #   notifications-python-client
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tableschema
    #   tabulator
    #   zenpy
requests-mock==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-staff-sso-client
rfc3986==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tableschema
rjsmin==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django-compressor
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   boto3
selenium==4.1.5
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
sentry-sdk==1.5.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   django-compressor
    #   django-extensions
    #   isodate
    #   jsonschema
    #   linear-tsv
    #   mohawk
    #   packaging
    #   paste
    #   plotly
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
    #   tableschema
    #   tabulator
    #   tenacity
    #   zenpy
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.3.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   tabulator
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tableschema==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
tabulator==1.53.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tableschema
tenacity==6.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   celery-redbeat
    #   plotly
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   ipdb
    #   pep517
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomli==1.2.2
    # via black
tqdm==4.56.0
    # via pyppeteer
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
trio==0.20.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.9.2
    # via selenium
typing-extensions==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tableschema
    #   tabulator
urllib3[secure,socks]==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   botocore
    #   elastic-apm
    #   elasticsearch
    #   pyppeteer
    #   requests
    #   selenium
    #   sentry-sdk
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   bleach
websockets==9.1
    # via pyppeteer
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via astroid
wsproto==1.1.0
    # via trio-websocket
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   tabulator
xlsxwriter==1.2.8
    # via -r requirements.txt
yarl==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
zenpy==2.0.21
    # via -r requirements.txt
zipp==3.8.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-event==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent
zope-interface==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
