---
hide:
  - navigation
title: "0002: Usage of Asyncio in Proxy"
tags: 
    - Accepted
---

## Context

- The proxy fits the typical use-case of event-loop based programming: low CPU but high IO requirements, with potentially high number of connections.

- The asyncio library aiohttp provides enough low-level control over the headers and the bytes of requests and responses to work as a controllable proxy. For example, the typical HTTP request cycle can be programmed fairly explicitly.

  - An incoming request begins: its headers are received.
  - The proxy makes potentially several requests to the Django application, to Redis, and/or to SSO to authenticate and determine where to route the request.
  - The incoming request's headers are passed to the application [removing certain hop-by-hop-headers].
  - The incoming request's body is streamed to the application.
  - The response headers are sent back to the client, combining cookies from the application and from the proxy.
  - The response body is streamed back to the client.

  The library also allows for receiving and making WebSockets requests. This is done without knowledge ahead of time which path is WebSockets, and which is HTTP. This is something that doesn't seem possible with, for example, Django Channels.

  Requests and responses can be of the order of several GBs, so this streaming behaviour is a critical requirement.

- Django gives a lot of benefits for the main application: for example, it is within the skill set of most available developers. Only a small fraction of changes need to involve the proxy.

## Decision

We will use the asyncio library aiohttp.

## Consequences

### Positive

- Allows for critical requirement of streaming behaviour

- We can stream HTTP(S) and Websockets requests in an efficient way with one cohesive Python package

### Negative

- A core bit of infrastructure will depend on a flavour of Python unknown to even experienced Python developers

- Aiohttp is unable to proxy things that are not HTTP or Websockets, i.e. SSH. This is why GitLab isn't behind the proxy